You must say my standard weight.
I must lose weight
I finally lost weight.
My daughter has really changed
I always feel
The way you speak has changed, even if your voice has changed
I don't want to go back to the past
Today is the company's listing conference
Do you want it?
By the way, the news of the divorce from buckwheat
Quarrel that day
I said something harsh.
He ran out and I haven't found him yet
May I ask Mr. Lu?
Is this lady next to you Mrs. Lu?
What are you looking at?
This is the big star ginger down.
Isn't that ginger down being a mistress?
Mr. Lu has divorced that fat woman
I'm not a mistress
Pay attention to your words
Are you divorced?
Why didn't anyone notify me?